Are you a God?

Gozer the Traveler. He will come in one of the pre-chosen forms. During the rectification of the Vuldrini, the traveler came as a large and moving Torg! Then, during the third reconciliation of the last of the McKetrick supplicants, they chose a new form for him: that of a giant Slor! 

Many Shuvs and Zuuls knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of the Slor that day, I can tell you!
Alice, I'm going to ask you a couple of standard questions, okay? Have you or any of your family been diagnosed schizophrenic? Mentally incompetent?

We've been going about this all wrong. This Mr. Stay Puft's okay! He's a sailor, he's in New York; we get this guy laid, we won't have any trouble!

 Do you believe in UFOs, astral projections, mental telepathy, ESP, clairvoyance, spirit photography, telekinetic movement, full trance mediums, the Loch Ness monster and the theory of Atlantis?

 You have been a participant in the biggest interdimensional cross rip since the Tunguska blast of 1909!

 [in an inhuman demonic voice] There is no Dana, only Zuul!

  I am the Keymaster! The Destructor is coming. Gozer the Traveler, the Destroyer.

I want my world to be fun. No parents, no rules, no nothing. Like, no one can stop me. No one can stop me.
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
We're trying to set up a movie for me in the near future. It's going to be similar to the story of how I got discovered. Kinda like my own version of '8 Mile.'

I make mistakes growing up. I'm not perfect; I'm not a robot.

Of course, I think that people are just waiting for that time when I make a mistake and they're gonna jump on it.... There's gonna be haters.

I'm really an animal guy. I express myself in different ways as an animal.

It's cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.

I want people to start seeing me and feel like they can connect with me. I’ve made myself so unrelatable the past year with all the stuff that I was doing. Not even bad stuff sometimes, just outrageous stuff. Like, you got a monkey, what are you doing?

I think that also got me in trouble when I was young, because people don’t like when people are good at stuff. They just hate on it, and that has a lot to do with my hate in general. You see a dude who’s successful and he’s doing what he loves and people don’t take too well to that sometimes. I’d probably be the same way if I was in Canada, seeing this kid driving around in all these fancy cars and shit.

Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you

Man is the cruelest animal.

why do i even come here 

*answers phone*
*nothing but heavy breathing on the other end*
GRANDFATHER
AT LAST

Are You There Darth? It's Me, Kylo

you don't need a lot of fake friends when you have real friends like darth vader

no i don't look "strong enough to pull the ears off a gundark" dad
that is gundark cruelty
language has power

*stands apologetically beneath your window with a boombox playing the Imperial March*

hux the important thing isn't what YOU think of these skinny jeans it's what Darth Vader would have thought of them

dear diary
hux is lending me his copy of endor's game
he says he has never related to a protagonist so much
i like it just okay

i was not crying in the shower 
i just realized how i'll never get to meet darth vader and then soap got in my eye

FYI mom
"if you see our son, bring him home" is way too dramatic of a way to ask dad to pick me up from band practice 
just in my opinion

if we don't resist the call of the light we're no better than moths

dear diary
i think my voice is changing
but it could be that i'm wearing a helmet with a voice changer now

just to clarify: it is not a blankie 
it is an heirloom piece of darth vader's cape and i don't technically NEED it to fall asleep

Darth Vader could fix anything

hux and I are building a new Death Star in place of the one that broke
hux says if we don't it lets them win
it will be the same but bigger

uncle lando said my helmet made me look like a depressed lampshade and then everyone laughed and high-fived him
i hate this family so much

current status: in a sarlacc pit but emotionally

you can't truly appreciate the imperial march until you hear it on vinyl

mom please don't even pretend you know what I'm going through right now also we are out of conditioner

@hottopic i will replace the display case i damaged with my lightsaber please allow me back in the store

dad the wookiee used all my garnier fructis
